Add readmes for System.Security* and related libraries (#78674)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Security.Principal.Windows/README.md

# System.Security.Principal.Windows

This assembly provides support for [System.Security.Principal.IIdentity](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.principal.iidentity) and [System.Security.Principal.IPrincipal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.principal.iprincipal) instances based on Microsoft Windows accounts.

## Contribution Bar

- [x] [We only consider fixes to maintain or improve quality](../README.md#primary-bar)

## Source

> * `WindowsIdentity`, `WindowsPrincipal`, `NTAccount` and similar aren the [src](src/) subdirectory.

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
* `WindowsIdentity`, `WindowsPrincipal`, `NTAccount` and similar are in the [src](src/) subdirectory.
```
